



























Midjourney Video Parameter





































































Legacy



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Video

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Video










 Dark


 Light








Use the --video parameter to create a short movie of your initial image grid being generated. React to the finished job with the envelope ✉️ emoji to have the Midjourney Bot send a link to the video to your Direct Messages.


--video only works on image grids, not upscales.
--video works with Legacy Model Versions 1, 2, 3, test, and testp.


Video Examples



Vibrant California Poppies



Botanical Sketch of Fanciful Ferns



How to Get a Video Link
Prompt example: /imagine prompt Vibrant California Poppies --video

1  Add --video to the end of your prompt.
2 Once the Job has finished, click Add Reaction
3 Select the ✉️ Envelope emoji. 


4  The Midjourney bot will send a link to the video to your Direct Messages.
5 Click the link to view your video within a browser. Right-click or Long Press to download the video. 



How to Use the Video Parameter
Add --video to the end of your prompt.


Subscribers can work one-on-one with the Midjourney Bot in Discord's Direct Messages instead of a public channel. Images made within your direct messages are still subject to content and moderation rules and will be visible on your Midjourney website gallery.













Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























