



























Use the Seed parameter to specify the random number generated for Jobs





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Seeds

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Seeds










 Dark


 Light








The Midjourney bot uses a seed number to create a field of visual noise, like television static, as a starting point to generate the initial image grids. Seed numbers are generated randomly for each image but can be specified with the --seed or  --sameseed parameter. Using the same seed number and prompt will produce similar ending images.



--seed  accepts whole numbers 0–4294967295.
--seed values only influence the initial image grid.
Identical --seed values using Model Versions 1, 2, 3, test, and testp will produce images with similar composition, color, and details.
Identical --seed values using Model Versions 4, 5, and niji will produce nearly identical images.
Seed numbers are not static and should not be relied upon between sessions.



Seed Parameter
If no Seed is specified, Midjourney will use a randomly generated seed number, producing a wide variety of options each time a prompt is used.

Jobs run three times with random seeds:
prompt example: /imagine prompt celadon owl pitcher












Jobs run two times with --seed 123:
prompt example: /imagine prompt celadon owl pitcher --seed 123










Sameseed Parameter
--seed values create a single large random noise field applied across all images in the initial grid. When --sameseed is specified, all images in the initial grid use the same starting noise and will produce very similar generated images.


--sameseed accepts whole numbers 0–4294967295.
--sameseed is only compatible with Model Versions 1, 2, 3, test, and testp.



Early visual noise from  --sameseed

--sameseed 12345


Finished Job made with  --sameseed 

--sameseed 12345


Early visual noise without  --sameseed

--seed 12345


Finished Job made without  --sameseed 

--seed 12345



How to Find a Job's Seed Number
Use a Discord Emoji Reaction
Find the seed number of a Job in discord by reacting with an ✉️ envelope emoji to a Job.


Use The Show Command to Bring Back Old Jobs
To get the seed number for a past image, copy the job ID  and use the /show <Job ID #> command with that ID to revive the Job. You can then react to the newly regenerated Job with an ✉️ envelope emoji.

How To Change Seed Numbers
Use the  --seed or --sameseed Parameter
Add --seed <value> or --sameseed <value> to the end of your prompt.

A Job is any action that uses the Midjourney Bot. Jobs include using /imagine to create an initial image grid, upscaling images, and creating variations of images.














Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























