



























Earn Free Hours Ranking Images on Midjourney





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Earn Free Hours

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Earn Free Hours










 Dark


 Light








Subscribers can earn a free Fast GPU hour each day by rating images. A bonus Fast hour is awarded to the top 2000 raters each day.


Bonus hours expire 30 days from the date they are awarded.
You must have an active subscription to participate.


How to Rate Images
Current subscribers can rank image pairs at midjourney.com/app/rank-pairs/ to earn free Fast GPU hours. Click on the image you like the most for each pair that is presented. The top 2000 daily image raters receive an hour of free Fast GPU time. If you are one of the top raters for the day, you will receive a direct message from the Midjourney Bot. These hours are valid for 30 days and require an active subscription to use.


What Criteria Do I Use to Rank?

Rankings are based on personal preference, so choose the image you like the most based on appearance, effort, colors, concept, or theme.




Keep Track of Your Free Hours
You can see how many hours you have earned rating images on your Midjourney.com/account page in the Bonus category.


There are two modes for image generation, Fast Mode and Relax Mode. Fast Mode tries to give you a GPU instantly. It's the highest-priority processing tier and uses your subscription's monthly GPU time. Relax Mode queues your generation behind others based on how much you've used the system. Relax Mode wait times are variable and usually range from 1–10 minutes.By default, your images will be generated using Fast mode. You can switch to Relax if you have a Standard or Pro subscription.There are two modes for image generation, Fast Mode and Relax Mode. Fast Mode tries to give you a GPU instantly. It's the highest-priority processing tier and uses your subscription's monthly GPU time. Relax Mode queues your generation behind others based on how much you've used the system. Relax Mode wait times are variable and usually range from 1–10 minutes.By default, your images will be generated using Fast mode. You can switch to Relax if you have a Standard or Pro subscription.













Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























