



























Midjourney Legacy Model Versions





































































Legacy



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Version

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Version










 Dark


 Light








Midjourney routinely releases new model versions to improve efficiency, coherency, and quality. The latest model is the default, but other models can be used using the --version or --v parameter or by using the /settings command and selecting a model version.  Different models excel at different types of images.
Read about the latest Midjourney Models here


--version accepts the values 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 5.1.
--version can be abbreviated --v


Model Version 4 (Legacy)
The Midjourney V4 model is an entirely new codebase and brand-new AI architecture designed by Midjourney and trained on the new Midjourney AI supercluster. The latest Midjourney model has more knowledge of creatures, places, objects, and more. It's much better at getting small details right and can handle complex prompts with multiple characters or objects. The Version 4 model supports advanced functionality like image prompting and multi-prompts.
This model has very high Coherency and excels with Image Prompts.




Prompt: vibrant California poppies



Prompt: high contrast surreal collage



Version 4 Styles 4a, 4b, and 4c
Midjourney Model Version 4 has three slightly different "flavors" with slight tweaks to the stylistic tuning of the model. Experiment with these versions by adding --style 4a, --style 4b, or --style 4c to the end of a V4 prompt.
--v 4 --style 4c is the current default and does not need to be added to the end of a prompt.

Note on Style 4a and 4b

--style 4a and --style 4b only support 1:1, 2:3, and 3:2 aspect ratios.
--style 4c support aspect ratios up to 1:2 or 2:1.



--style 4a

vibrant California poppies --style 4a


--style 4b

vibrant California poppies --style 4b


--style 4c

vibrant California poppies --style 4c




--style 4a

school of fish --style 4a


--style 4b

school of fish --style 4b


--style 4c

school of fish --style 4c



Model Version 1, 2, and 3 (Legacy)
You can access earlier midjourney models by using the --version or --v parameter or by using the /settings command and selecting a model version.  Different models excel at different types of images.
prompt example: /imagine prompt vibrant California poppies --v 1


--version 3

default model: 07/22–11/22
highly creative compositions
moderate coherency

--version 2

default model: 04/22–07/22
creative, colorful, and painterly
low coherency

--version 1

default model: 02/22–04/22
very abstract and painterly
low coherency

--hd (high definition)

early alternative model
busy detailed and abstract
low coherency



Niji Model 4 (Legacy)
The niji model is a collaboration between Midjourney and Spellbrush tuned to produce anime and illustrative styles. The --niji model has vastly more knowledge of anime, anime styles, and anime aesthetics. It's excellent at dynamic and action shots and character-focused compositions in general.
prompt example: /imagine prompt vibrant California poppies --niji

--v 4

California poppies 

--niji

California poppies --niji

--v 4

birds sitting on a twig

--niji

birds sitting on a twig --niji




Test Models (Legacy)
Occasionally new models are released temporarily for community testing and feedback. There are currently two available test models: --test and --testp, which can be combined with the --creative parameter for more varied compositions.
prompt example: /imagine prompt vibrant California poppies --testp --creative

--test

A general-purpose artistic model with good coherency 

--test + --creative


--testp

A photo-realism model with good coherency

--testp + --creative




Notes on current test models --test and --testp

Test models only support --stylize values between 1250–5000.
Test models do not support multi-prompts or image-prompts
Test models have a maximum aspect ratio of 3:2 or 2:3.
Test models only generate two initial grid images when the aspect ratio is 1:1.
Test models only generate one initial grid image when the aspect ratio is not 1:1.
Words near the front of the prompt may matter more than words near the back.


How to Switch Models
Use the Version or Test Parameter
Add --v 1 --v 2 --v 3 --v 4 --v 4 --style 4a --v4 --style 4b --v 5 --v 5a --v 5.1 --v 5.1 --style raw --test, --testp, --test --creative, --testp --creative --niji --niji 5 --niji5 --style cute --niji5 --style expressive or --niji5 --style scenic  to the end of your prompt.


Use the Settings Command
Type /settings and select your preferred version from the menu.
Coherency is the strength of the connection between the text prompt and the resulting image. A high degree of coherency means that the image will be an accurate representation of the prompt text.













Previous








Next







 







 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























