



























Midjourney Repeat Parameter





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Repeat

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Repeat










 Dark


 Light








The --repeat or --r parameter runs a Job multiple times. Combine --repeat with other parameters, like --chaos to increase the pace of your visual exploration.


--repeat is available for Standard and Pro subscribers
--repeat accepts values 2–10 for Standard subscribers.
--repeat accepts values 2–40 for Pro subscribers.
The --repeat parameter can only be used in Fast GPU mode.
Using the redo (re-roll) 🔄  button on the results of a --repeat Job will only re-run the prompt once.



A Job is any action that uses the Midjourney Bot. Jobs include using /imagine to create an initial image grid, upscaling images, and creating variations of images.
There are two modes for image generation, Fast Mode and Relax Mode. Fast Mode tries to give you a GPU instantly. It's the highest-priority processing tier and uses your subscription's monthly GPU time. Relax Mode queues your generation behind others based on how much you've used the system. Relax Mode wait times are variable and usually range from 1–10 minutes.By default, your images will be generated using Fast mode. You can switch to Relax if you have a Standard or Pro subscription.













Previous








Next







 







 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























