



























Midjourney Chaos Parameter





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Chaos

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Chaos










 Dark


 Light








The --chaos or --c parameter influences how varied the initial image grids are. High --chaos values will produce more unusual and unexpected results and compositions. Lower --chaos values have more reliable, repeatable results.


--chaos accepts values 0–100.
The default --chaos value is 0.


The Influence of Chaos on Jobs
Low --chaos values
Using a low  --chaos value, or not specifying a value, will produce initial image grids that are slightly varied each time a Job is run.
prompt example: imagine/ prompt watermelon owl hybrid















High --chaos Values
Using a higher --chaos value will produce initial image grids that are more varied and unexpected each time a Job is run.
prompt example: imagine/ prompt watermelon owl hybrid --c 50















Very High --chaos Values
Using extremely high --chaos values will produce initial image grids that are varied and have unexpected compositions or artistic mediums each time a Job is run.
prompt example: imagine/ prompt watermelon owl hybrid --c 100















How to Change the Chaos Value
Use the --chaos or --c Parameter
Add --chaos <value> or --c <value> to the end of your prompt.


A Job is any action that uses the Midjourney Bot. Jobs include using /imagine to create an initial image grid, upscaling images, and creating variations of images.
A Job is any action that uses the Midjourney Bot. Jobs include using /imagine to create an initial image grid, upscaling images, and creating variations of images.
A Job is any action that uses the Midjourney Bot. Jobs include using /imagine to create an initial image grid, upscaling images, and creating variations of images.














Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























