



























Midjourney Discord Emoji Reactions





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Discord Emoji Reactions

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Discord Emoji Reactions










 Dark


 Light








React with different emojis to Midjourney Jobs to send images to your Direct Messages, cancel a job in progress, or delete an image.
React to a generation with an emoji to trigger actions from the Midjourney Bot.



❌  Cancel and Delete
❌ Cancels or deletes a Job at any time. Reacting to a job with an X emoji also removes the Job from the Midjourney website. If you want to delete an image from the Midjourney webpage but can't find the image within Discord, use the /show command  to revive the Job.

✉️ Send to Direct Messages
React with the envelope emoji ✉️  to send a completed Job to direct messages. The direct message will include the image's seed number and Job ID. If the envelope emoji is used for an image grid the grid will be sent as individual images. The ✉️ reaction only works with your own Jobs.

Job IDs are unique identifiers used for each image generated by Midjourney.Job IDs look like this: 9333dcd0-681e-4840-a29c-801e502ae424and can be found in the first part of all image filenames, in the URLs on the website, and in an image's filename.













Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























