



























Midjourney Model Versions





































































Current



Current




Legacy











 


  


         




















                Contents x








No matching results found





















Powered by




















   
















   



















Version

















 Dark


 Light





Contents











Version










 Dark


 Light








Midjourney routinely releases new model versions to improve efficiency, coherency, and quality. The latest model is the default, but other models can be used by adding the --version or --v parameter or by using the /settings command and selecting a model version. Each model excels at producing different types of images.


--version accepts the values 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 5.1.
--version can be abbreviated --v


Default Model Version 5.1
The Midjourney V5.1 model is the newest and most advanced, released on May 4th, 2023. To use this model, add the --v 5.1 parameter to the end of a prompt, or use the /settings command and select 5️⃣ MJ Version 5.1
This model has a stronger default aesthetic, making it easier to use with simple text prompts. It also has high Coherency, excels at accurately interpreting natural language prompts, produces fewer unwanted artifacts and borders, has increased image sharpness, and supports advanced features like repeating patterns with --tile




Prompt: vibrant California poppies --v 5.1



Prompt: high contrast surreal collage --v 5.1



Model Version 5.1 + Style Raw Parameter
Midjourney Model Version 5.1 can be fine-tuned with the --style parameter--raw to remove some of the default Midjourney aesthetic style.


default --v 5.1

vibrant California poppies

--style raw

vibrant California poppies --style raw

default --v 5.1

high contrast surreal collage

--v 5.1 --style raw

high contrast surreal collage --style raw




Model Version 5
The Midjourney V5 model produces more photographic generations than the default 5.1 model. This model produces images that closely match the prompt but may require longer prompts to achieve your desired aesthetic.
To use this model, add the --v 5 parameter to the end of a prompt, or use the /settings command and select 5️⃣ MJ Version 5




Prompt: vibrant California poppies --v 5



Prompt: high contrast surreal collage --v 5




Model Version 4
The Midjourney V4 was the default model from Nov 2022–May 2023. This model featured an entirely new codebase and brand-new AI architecture designed by Midjourney and trained on the new Midjourney AI supercluster.  Model Version 4 had an increased knowledge of creatures, places, and objects compared to previous models.
This model has very high Coherency and excels with Image Prompts.




Prompt: vibrant California poppies



Prompt: high contrast surreal collage




Niji Model 5
The Niji model is a collaboration between Midjourney and Spellbrush tuned to produce anime and illustrative styles with vastly more knowledge of anime, anime styles, and anime aesthetics. It's excellent at dynamic and action shots and character-focused compositions.
To use this model, add the --niji 5 parameter to the end of a prompt, or use the /settings command and select 🍏 Niji version 5
This model is sensitive to the --stylize parameter. Experiment with different stylization ranges to fine-tune your images.
Niji Style Parameters
Niji Model Version 5 can also be fine-tuned with --style parameters to achieve unique looks. Try  --style cute, --style scenic, or --style expressive.


default --niji 5

birds perching on a twig --niji 5

--style cute

birds perching on a twig --niji 5 --style cute

--style expressive

birds perching on a twig --niji 5 --style expressive

--style scenic

birds perching on a twig --niji 5 --style scenic



Niji 5 vs. Midjourney Version 5.1

--v 5.1

vibrant California poppies 

--niji 5

vibrant California poppies --niji 5

--v 5.1

birds sitting on a twig

--niji 5

birds sitting on a twig --niji 5




How to Switch Models
Use the Version or Test Parameter
Add --v 4 --v 5 --v 5.1 --v 5.1 --style raw --niji 5 --niji5 --style expressive --niji5 --style cute or --niji5 --style scenic  to the end of your prompt.


Use the Settings Command
Type /settings and select your preferred version from the menu.

4️⃣ MJ Version 4
5️⃣ MJ Version 5
5️⃣ MJ Version 5.1
🍎 Niji Version 5

Legacy Models
You can experiment with early Midjourney models using the --version parameter Read more about Midjourney Legacy Models.
Coherency is the strength of the connection between the text prompt and the resulting image. A high degree of coherency means that the image will be an accurate representation of the prompt text.Coherency is the strength of the connection between the text prompt and the resulting image. A high degree of coherency means that the image will be an accurate representation of the prompt text.













Previous








Next







 







Table of contents










 


















Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.
                        FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]





Support
For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.




Sites

Midjourney Website
Midjourney Discord























